HUCKEL_ENERGY

  A short F95 code to calculate the energy eigenvalues for a hamiltonian
  for a simple molecule using Huckel theory. This code makes use of the LAPACK
  and LBLAS Fortran libraries.
  
  We assume that all the bond lengths are the same so that the energies
  can be given in units of the off-diagonal hamiltonian elements and the
  0-energy taken to be the average energy (the diagonal hamiltonian elements)
 
  COMPILING HUCKEL_ENERGY: huckel_energy has a makefile in the /src directory, and so compilation
                           should be as simple as executing $make from the /src directory of the
                           Huckel root directory.

                           Huckel_energy being composed of a very modest number of modules it is unlikely
                           that one will run into compatability issues on many platforms. That being said,
                           huckel_energy does make use of the BLAS and LAPACK Fortran libraries, and any
                           issues relating to "undefined symbols" will 99% of the time be due to badly
                           installed libraries.

                           The default compiler is the GNU Fortran compiler, which should be executed via
                           the command $gfortran. It is highly likely that other popular compilers such as
                           the INTEL Fortran compiler will also work, however when changing the makefile
                           be sure to check that all the compiler flags are still valid.

                           This code has been tested and compiled on the Imperial CollegeCMTH Red Hat 
                           Enterpise Linux  machines with GNU Fortran 4.1.2 and on Debian Squeeze with
                           GNU Fortran 4.4.4

 
  CALLING HUCKEL_ENERGY: /path/to/huckel:~$ ./huckel_energy $INFILE $OUTFILE $CALCMODE
                         
                          INFILE: the file to read the hamiltonian from. It MUST be formatted
                                  so that the 1st line contains only the size of the hamiltonian
                                  and subsequent lines contain a matrix of space-separated numbers
                                  representing the hamiltonian in the Huckel Basis, with beta set
                                  to 1 and alpha set to 0 (and all other elements 0)
 
                         OUTFILE: the name of the file to have the results written to. Output is
                                  formatted such that the first line contains a space separated
                                  list of the hamiltonian's eigenvalues and (optionally) subsequent lines
                                  contain an orthogonal matrix whose columns correspond to the eigenvectors
                                  of the hamiltonian. 
 
                        CALCMODE: A single character, either "N" or "V". "N" means that the output will
                                  only contain the eigenvalues, "V" means that output will also contain the 
                                  matrix of eigenvectors 
     
  EXAMPLES: the /examples directory contains a few example hamiltonians to test out the code 
